During the 1980s
the tribals love who lived
in Raigad's creek region
Weren't aware of the value
of the black gold found in the creek.
This black gold was nothing
But the sand found in the depths
of the creek.
Raigad's collector Kutta Swami Devi Gowda,
who had been transferred
from Karnataka.
He was well aware of the value
of this black gold.
During his tenure in the Raigad region
he let the sand smuggling continue.
But Pandhari Nath Tandel
of the Kopra village
was well aware of this illegal activity.
He gathered some villagers
and mobbed the collector's office.
The collector Kutta Swami
and Pandhari Nath had a major showdown.
A really honest and talented young man
Of that village named Krishna Bhoir
wasn't aware
of Kutta's illegal activities.
He thought all this was happening
for the development of the village.
Under this impression, Krishna
started fighting against his own people
defending Kutta Swami
That mob included Pandhari Nath
And his extremely beautiful daughter
Charu Sheela.
When the argument between Kutta Swami
and Pandhari Nath escalated
Charu used her fearlessness and wisdom.
She exposed Kutta Swami
And thus got her father released.
Kutta Swami couldn't
bear this public humiliation.
And thus began the battle
for the right of the land.
But that battle
was also the start of a love story.
Shrimurli, Kutta Swami's son
was watching all that from the car.
Charu's fearlessness made him fall
in love with her.
He was always against
his father's illegal activity.
Shrimurli was so madly
In love with Charu that
That he would come to the village
To catch a glimpse
of Charu under various disguises.
Somewhere Charu was aware of it too.
Slowly but surely Charu fell in love
with him too.
But this love story that started
with this battle
would end so tragically.
Neither of them had imagined that.
Charu and Shrimurli
who were madly in love
meet each other on his birthday
at the river bank.
Both are in their prime.
And they get intimate unknowingly.
Unfortunately Krishna Bhoir
happens to see that.
The moment Krishna tells Kutta Swami
what he saw
he gets enraged.
He sends Shrimurli
to their village in Karnataka citing
some excuse.
The very next night
Pandhari Nath dies
under mysterious circumstances.
Charu gets suspicious.
And she starts
to blame Krishna Bhoir for it.
She knows it was a little too late.
Now the only option she has
is to wait for Shrimurli.
Because she is pregnant
with Shrimurli's child.
Charu becomes cruel and tough
due to the murder of her father
and the tragic end of her love story.
Charu who is eight months pregnant vows
to never let any love story
in the Bhoir family be fulfilled.
And thus starts a revenge story.
Babu might have to pay
for it in the future.
Pour it quickly.
Boys, you will get drunk.
By night you must be fully sober.
I will give you quarter bottle daily
and one full bottle also.
But in the morning I don't want
to see any goods on the boat.
- Hey.
- Are you there?
- Jana,
- Yes?
- turn the light in this direction.
- Here.
Oh, God. Who is he?
'I am Babu's death.'
'I am Babu's end.'
'I am Babu's doom.'
Who are you?
For this single question
I will destroy Babu's empire.
Ankush (elephant goad).
Sir, there is a phone call
from mister Nitin.
So late in the night?
Hello.
What?
When?
Okay, I will go there immediately.
- Leave
- I'll show you.
Get me snacks and a bottle.
Go on.
Hey, Babu!
Babu!
Hey, hey.
Babu, what happened?
What happened?
Babu!
You rascal.
Are you happy now?
If anything happens to Babu...
...I will kill you wherever you are.
Got it?
You rascal.
Hey!
12 bottles!
Let me get some feel of the liquor.
Forget the feel.
Chill, or else I will hit you.
Santya.
- That is what I am saying.
- What?
If it is less chilled,
you don't feel the taste.
Hey, idiot, why are you complaining?
Wait.
Today is birthday.
- Happy birthday.
- Of Babu.
"Hey Babu!"
"Babu!"
There he is. Our hero has arrived.
- Babu is here!
- Hey!
"Babu!"
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"There is music, Indian banjo"
"There is celebration
all over Kopra village"
"Our swag and our steps"
"King Kong dances
to the rhythm of ding-dong"
"Babu!"
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"Babu!"
"Print on front and back covers of books"
"The tale of Babu's fame"
"We are virtuous boys"
"You are part of my friend circle"
"When the public laughs there will be"
"Joy in our hearts"
"I will click a photo and hang a banner"
"I felicitate everybody"
"Ekveera is our Goddess"
"I sing praises of Mother Goddess"
Hey Babu! He has come!
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"When Babu is there.
When Michael is dancing"
"The volume is full and rhythm is fast"
"Govinda! Gopala! "
"Govinda! Gopala!"
"Govinda! Govinda! Govinda!"
All hail Lord Krishna.
A little higher. A little bit.
A little bit.
Ah! Wonderful, Babu. Excellent.
A little bit lower. Lower. Lower.
Babu, your hands are not
working the same as earlier.
Babu. Hey, Babu!
Why are you staring over there?
I am here.
Stupid.
I know.
You need a friend
when you want to attract a girl.
And once the girl is attracted,
you forget your friend.
I know. Ouch!
How can you say that?
First let me attract one.
Did you see? Did you see?
It is like this.
When we take out fish,
garbage collects in the net.
We discard it.
Similarly you too are going to discard me.
I know. Do you think I am an idiot?
First let me attract one.
I was in deep sleep in early morning...
Babu, how will I wash my underwear?
Everything seems rosy when I see her.
What are you saying?
Wear dark goggles.
The whole world will
look dark including her.
She is here.
- Babu.
- Yes?
She is very beautiful.
My purpose is served. Go.
Boys, get ready, okay?
Are you ready? Are you ready?
Play as soon as she comes.
Mamdya,
enough of veneration.
- Put it aside.
- Santya...
he simply drinks and eats.
He plays well too.
- I know, I know. Take your positions.
- I already am at the position.
- Mamdya, play on time, okay?
- Hey, Santya...
- Okay?
- Bring it fast?
- Yes. Wait.
- Bring it.
Babu. Babu.
What is this?
Go.
Are you ready?
- Look at me. Look at me.
- Yes ready.
Is she there? Is she there?
No.
No, no, don't.
Hey, play it. Play it.
She is here. She is here.
Mamdya, play it.
Play it, Mamdya.
What are you doing?
- Hey, play it, Mamdya.
- Yes, yes.
Hey, Mamdya, play it.
- My sweetheart is passing by.
- Hey, stupid, play it.
Hey, hey!
- What happened?
- Hey, wait. Wait.
- Why are you running away?
- Wait.
Look over there. Over there.
Because of you my sweetheart went away.
Babu, my backside.
Bro, she gave me a look.
You look handsome.
Where are you wandering?
- I wanted...
- Photo.
- He wanted to get his photo clicked.
- Photo. Photo.
- Krishna! Come here.
- Photo.
I am coming.
Let us go.
Hey, where are you going?
To get his photo clicked. Photo.
Babu...
Take this cart to our place.
Me?
Right now?
When?
Take it there.
I am taking it.
Coming.
They want to click photo.
- Babu, get on.
- What?
- Get on. I will handle this.
- Sure.
In the evening
we will have beer at the tank.
"Jingle bell,
jingle bell is tinkling in my ears"
"Last night I dreamed
single bed turned into double"
"Jingle bell,
jingle bell is tinkling in my ears"
"Last night I dreamed
single bed turned into double"
"My heart failed"
"Still I came alive"
"Now I can hear your heartbeats"
"Whenever you smile I see my future wife"
"You are the only one and no one else"
"You are my dear future wife"
You are the only one and no one else"
"You are on threshold
and in wedding pavilion"
"You are waiting with a garland in hands"
"You are on threshold
and in wedding pavilion"
"You are waiting with a garland in hands"
"I will give a red rose;
we will take couple pose"
"We will seek blessings as a couple"
"The banjo was playing nicely"
"Move"
"Oh, no, a ruckus started"
Oh, a ruckus has started/i>
"The boys got in the mood"
"The path got blocked"
"I see you dancing without care"
"Jingle bell,
jingle bell is tinkling in my ears"
"Last night I dreamed
single bed turned into double"
"My heart failed, still I came alive"
"Now I can hear your heartbeats"
"Whenever you smile I see my future wife"
"You are the only one and no one else"
"You are my dear future wife"
Okay, sir.
- Brother, do you want tea?
- Yes.
Hey. You.
Wait here.
Come.
Sir, N. B. Suppliers.
We supply sand.
You must have thought
that we are sons of the soil...
...so you will get low quality material.
No, no. Never.
We will give you better
quality than the duplicate sand...
...supplied to Setu Construction.
Come on, vacate the room.
Vacate the room.
What unruly behaviour is this?
Who are you?
King.
Supplier.
Sir, he is Anilrao Tandel.
And brother, this is our new collector.
Vaman Kadam.
Sir, previously he had
all the tenders for sand.
It was with me earlier also
and in future also it will remain with me.
No question about it.
Sir,
it will be okay if you go against rules...
...but it won't be okay
if you go against me.
Currency note
without Gandhiji's picture...
...and sand transport without Anilrao,
are just garbage.
In future if I see you there,
I will bury you...
- ...and Babu in the same sand.
- Hey.
Calm down.
- Calm down.
- Namdev,
observe discipline in office
and wait outside. Please.
Come out.
I won't leave until you come out.
- What were you saying?
- Come on.
It is business of sand and not grains.
Attend to your farms.
Do not come to the dam.
Oh?
I thought that Anilrao has pet dogs.
- But actually they are monkeys.
- Hey!
Babu is capable of dealing
wherever you want...
...whenever you want
and with any number of persons.
"Babu!"
Stupid,
there is no need to touch me.
My love has gifted it.
If you stain it even a little bit...
...I will teach you a lesson
you will never forget.
Got it?
"Babu!"
Hey, keep this in mind.
There is only one sand king in this place.
Anilrao Tandel.
No question about it.
When there is a coup in an empire...
...the king has to die first of all.
And anyway, you look more like
a worker and less like a king.
What do you do?
Do you do business or extort money?
If you knew what I do,
you would have come to my office...
...before approaching the collector.
Do you want to expand your
business or create enemies?
I never fear enmity.
But now I will enjoy
doing business with you.
I am giving it.
I am handing over the tender to you.
Excavate as much sand as you wish.
I want to see if you are fit
to be an enemy.
I too don't fear enmity.
But the standard of enmity
should not be lowered.
Standard.
Yes.
Our work was accomplished.
I want that boy.
Under any circumstances.
And she is not my choice.
Mother, I want to marry her.
That's it.
I don't care.
Stop dreaming about marriage already.
Leave it to me.
Babu sheth, here is the tender.
Your tender is accepted,
but be careful.
You too.
"No Banjo. Or Disco. Play the sand rap."
"I work hard. I will be my own boss."
"Ignite the fire in the belly."
"Feel the rage."
"Your parents' love."
"Just trust the ocean."
"Work hard."
"No slackness when it comes to work."
"I will make my dream"
"come true no matter what."
"Leave the disputes aside."
"And rally as a team."
"Don't stop. Don't get tired."
"Fire the truck."
"Put the brakes on and"
"offload the sand."
"The loading is done. Move it."
"Praise the Lord."
"Let our sand sell for the price of gold."
"Well said, brother."
"Awesome."
Wait!
I won't spare him now.
"This girl is going today..."
"...to her in-laws' house"
The rascal...
the rascal ruined my family.
He ruined my family.
But do not light my funeral pyre...
...before destroying his family.
Are you listening?
At least now become sensible.
You brother and sister unite.
And...
And ruin Krishna Bhoire's family.
My daughter got married.
But I don't see my son-in-law.
Where is son-in-law?
Krishna!
Ruin Krishna. Ruin him! Ruin him!
Mom!
Drink this.
You will be able to speak easily.
Drink it.
Drink.
Drink it. You will feel strong.
Let go of it.
- Listen to me!
- Let go of it.
You eat four times a day.
- You are very strong.
- Let go of it.
Very strong.
But what is the use of this strength?
Let go of it.
What is the use of this strength?
Let go of it? - Why?
Listen to me...
Let go of it.
Listen to me.
- Listen to me!
- Let go of it.
I won't.
- Listen to me!
- Let go of it.
Hey, girl...
Let go of it.
I cannot bear to see you
in this condition.
- Let go of it!
- I can't bear to see it!
Listen to me!
- Let go of it!
- I won't let go.
Let go of it!
No!
I said let go of it!
Let go of it! Let go of it!
Oh, God.
Where have you left your own child?
Find him.
Or there will be no one
with you when you die.
To sit by your side.
Listen to me, girl.
Babu.
Babu sheth.
I am very bored of drinking.
Are you bored?
Have beer.
- Cheers.
Let us go to Goa.
On this side liquor,
on the other side Paru.
On this side chicken legs
and on the other side bare legs.
Tea for mom and toast for dad.
Goa went into tunnel.
Why appreciate it?
Bare legs.
Shut up.
I say,
are you coming?
Where? To Goa?
To pee.
To Goa to pee?
He is going to Goa right now.
- Hey, go and pee.
- A tripped.
Who goes to Goa to pee?
Oh, no...
- What happened?
- The zip is missing.
Keep your hands to the front.
There.
Take them to the back.
Back or front,
take them where the zip is...
...and do the job.
I found it, Babu. I found it.
How to take him to Goa?
There is pressure
in his stomach that is why....
- Bald man...
- I drank too much.
Look.
We will go when we feel like it.
- We will take tempo and truck and go to Goa.
- Babu.
Babu. Babu.
Over there two trucks are stealthily
driving towards the highway.
Look over there.
Sada, where is the key?
- Give him the key!
- Hurry up.
- Hurry.
- I know who the thieves are.
- Babu, don't spare them.
Enough, enough. Back up. Back up. Stop.
Lock the truck properly.
Sada, keep a watch.
They can come any time.
What to do with these?
There are no documents for the vehicles.
Come, I will tell you.
Where is Babu?
Babu must be down there on the shore.
Look, there is an order
from the collector.
- Excavation is stopped for three months.
- Okay.
Do not allow anybody to
excavate sand from the port...
...and we too must not excavate it.
Okay.
Sada, this is stolen goods.
Keep a watch over it.
- Okay.
- I will see what to do with it.
Yes, sure.
We will have to lodge
a complaint about this.
Tell Babu to meet me.
- I will be waiting at the street corner.
- Okay.
Rama, come here.
Put this tyre over there.
Sometimes I feel very scared.
You know my father's temperament.
I know.
Do not worry at all.
Tonight I am going to talk
to my parents about our marriage.
What?
That is what I am scared of.
Why fear?
Fine.
Do not tell them that
we are having an affair.
Just tell them that you like me.
And then come to my house...
with your parents.
Why not reveal it?
We are having an affair, right?
I feel scared.
I don't feel scared.
But I do.
- Stop the vehicle.
- Hey, stop!
Stop.
Where are you going?
What is the truck loaded with?
Check the truck.
Sir, it's N.B Supply's truck.
It is full of sand.
- Don't you get it?
- You will speak.
You keep quiet. You will speak.
I am there. Speak.
He can't do it.
Hey, do not interfere if you can't do it.
- I will speak.
- No.
Mother! Mother!
Mother, did you see? Did you see?
This? Grandmother, tell me. This?
Does anyone do this?
Does any daughter-in-law
do this for her mother-in-law?
Does your daughter-in-law do this for you?
No. And in looks also
she is very attractive..
You get to see such
daughters-in-law only on TV.
No, no, there are in our village as well.
Right, Babu?
- Yes.
- Ask Babu.
- Am I right?
- Yes.
I will tell you. Right, Babu?
You know Warchi Wadi?
The corner of Hanuman temple.
- That one.
- Who?
Sandhya. She eloped.
Really? That must be Manda.
Why do you speak if you don't know?
Not that one. I know her. I have seen.
Let me tell you.
There is no other girl like her
in the whole village.
- Really?
- So beautiful.
Let me tell you. Lips like a fish.
Walks like a serpent.
Is it?
Doe-eyed.
Hey, Santya, let it be. Let it be.
You too will look the same after drinking.
Go and look at yourself in a mirror.
It seems the girl is a drunkard.
What?
Babu, they don't understand me
if I am normal.
Let us have a couple of drinks.
We will tell the whole village. Come.
- Hey.
- Even they found out!
Come. Your appearance is deceptive.
- I have had enough of your nonsense.
- Sir, what happened?
You are showing off like a hero.
Sir, what happened?
Sir.
- Move it.
- Let go of my collar.
- Go and call Babu's father.
- Yes.
- Sawant, bring him out.
- Leave me.
I will teach him a lesson.
- I haven't excavated sand.
- Move it.
- Have you complained?
- I know. At whose behest you have done this.
Sir, we have paid all the bills
and submitted invoices.
Sir, I have been doing
business since many months.
Would I make a mistake?
Would I abandon a truck loaded
with sand at the check post?
Babu, I understand everything you say...
...but I really didn't know
that they were going to arrest you.
- Sir, you...
- Move. You have talked a lot.
Jadhav, lock him up.
Sir. Sir.
Gorinde sir, I haven't done anything.
Hey, smart boy,
if you utter another word...
...I will stuff the baton in your mouth.
ML06 4810 and ML06 2129.
You have stolen both the vehicles.
- Jadhav, bring the file.
- Yes, sir.
2129?
Here, sir.
4810?
Look at this.
Complaint about theft.
Documents and owner.
Say whatever you want to say
in the court.
Let me see who saves you.
- Bring out the rascal.
- Hey, move.
You rascal enter my house
- and rob me?
- Bring out the rascal.
Do you have the capacity?
You rascal.
What had I told you?
There is only one sand king in this area.
Anilrao Tandel.
You rascal.
Hey, Gorinde, take him.
I have brought the associate of the thief.
That too after proper treatment.
Book him for attempt to murder.
This is the evidence.
Will you lock him up or shall I do it?
- You rascal.
- Hey, Anil, I am there.
Yes,
but you are not where you are needed.
I am there.
Excavate.
Excavate! Excavate!
You are suitable only for uprooting,
not for excavation.
Do you understand your worth?
Hey, Tandel...
- Just wait until I teach you a lesson.
- Let him go.
I said let him go.
Will you fight them alone?
Do use your head sometimes.
Who had told you to act foolishly?
Hey, idiot, I am talking to you.
I will have to deal with this as well.
Weren't we facing enough trouble?
- And you added to it.
- Hey,
your love affair has ruined everybody.
And what have you handled before this?
Where was your smartness at that time?
Sir. Sir.
Why have you arrested Babu?
What has he done now?
Look, I understand what you want to say.
The case for theft is stronger
than the one for smuggling of sand.
To whom you are explaining?
Stop shopping adornments for that girl...
- ...and think of what is going on.
- Quiet. Quiet.
Hey,
don't teach me.
Have you gone crazy?
Tell me.
Speak.
Hey,
this is what you had left out.
Are you fighting with each other?
Forget this.
Go today itself and meet the collector.
He will do something. Go.
Sir, my son cannot commit theft.
Someone has implicated him.
Sir. Sir!
He is Abhay Poddar.
Owner of Setu Construction.
He posted your bail.
Sir, why this favour?
Not favour.
This is business.
Come and meet me in my office.
- Deshpande, let us go.
- Yes, sir.
Anilrao.
Anilrao!
Are you going to meet
the girl here itself?
Tea is getting cold. Come on.
Anilrao,
she looks so nice even
when she is not dressed up.
Girl, get ready.
Do not make haste unnecessarily.
She still hasn't rejected Babu's proposal.
Do only what I tell you.
Then this girl will be married off to you.
I realised it long time back.
At least show respect for food even
if you don't respect your parents.
Yes.
Give it to me.
You eat.
Have you done business?
Have you?
Have you become wiser?
You couldn't handle
the business we have...
...but you will have to survive
on this business all your life.
Got it?
I say no arguments at mealtime.
I like Mhatre's daughter Supriya.
What?
And I want to marry her only.
Babu, what is going on?
Do you realise what you are saying?
Tomorrow we have to go to her
house with marriage proposal.
Did you see? Did you see his arrogance?
He doesn't consult us.
He directly informs us.
He likes her
but who knows if she likes him?
So come with me.
- I will ask her in your presence.
- Hey,
I don't have time to spare
to accompany you.
Then I will go alone.
- Babu.
- Hey,
- Listen to me.
- show arrogance after eating.
Don't act arrogantly while ignoring food.
You need not go.
I and Kunda will go.
Babu is being forced
to suffer for my deeds.
That is what I constantly feel.
Sometimes I wonder
why Babu is being punished...
...for the decision I took?
I feel like telling him everything but...
...I am unable to do anything.
You are worrying unnecessarily.
Everything will be fine.
Oh, my! Babu's photo in newspaper?
What did the boy do?
Abundance of sand mafia
in Raigadh district.
Babu Bhoir.
What else is he going to do?
Mhatre sheth,
Babu.
Hey, play it!
Hey, stop!
Hey, are you leading your
father's wedding procession?
I love Supriya so we came here.
Hey, are you worthy of it?
Hey, Jagan,
do not tell me who is worthy of what.
There is no need to tell.
Read what is printed in the newspaper.
Your son is a thief.
I would rather stuff
my daughter in a sack...
...and throw her in the sea...
...but I won't marry her off to your son.
What to expect from the son
of a vegetable vendor?
- All of you are thieves.
- Brother,
do ask your daughter also.
Hey.
Uncle, please listen to me.
Hey, stay within your limit.
Jagan.
I am known as Jagan sheth.
Go away.
We want a rich son-in-law.
Supriya,
tell them
how much we love each other.
Tell him!
Tell them how much we love each other.
Tell your parents.
All the dreams we dreamt.
I will fulfil all of them.
Supriya. Hey, Supriya,
there is no need to fear the world.
These are our times.
Look at me once.
Supriya, don't cry.
Tell them. Look at me.
Supriya, I am Babu.
Look. Look, who is here.
Look. Your sister-in-law has come.
Supriya.
Supriya, I have fixed everything.
Speak. Supriya.
Hey, shh!
- Babu.
- Look, she spoke.
- Santya, she spoke.
- Come.
- She said that she likes Babu.
- Let us go.
Kunda, look, she spoke.
- People are watching.
- Look.
- Let us go.
- Look, everyone.
She spoke.
- Santya, she spoke.
- Babu, let us go.
Supriya, look at me.
- Supriya...
- Enough!
Supriya.
Ba... Babu.
Supriya!
Babu.
I thought
that she will be crazy for you...
...but in fact you are crazy for her.
Tea for mom and toast for dad.
Hey,
who is Babu?
Hey, Babu.
Hey,
go.
Take her along.
Take her and fly away like a bird.
What?
Well?
Hey, Babu.
You are a hero. Hero.
Do not act like a coward.
Look.
Tell me
what is love?
Tell me what is love?
I will tell you.
Love.
Go on making efforts...
...till you die.
Santya is there.
Santya is there for Babu.
Santya is there till he dies.
Go, my lover boy.
Bing home your bride.
Go.
Santya.
Supriya!
I know
that you love me as much as I love you.
Yes, but it is a different thing
that one needs guts to say that.
Come.
We will show our love to the world.
Where, Babu?
We will elope and get married.
Come on.
No, Babu. I cannot do it.
Supriya, your father won't listen.
Don't be scared.
Babu, listen to me.
I won't be able to do it.
- Supriya, I am there.
- Babu.
Supriya, come!
She is my daughter-in-law.
She is not available for anybody.
The unworthy
should not fall in love.
"Small size. Big size"
"Small size, big size, burden of woes"
Bro, what does small mean?
Tiny. Tiny.
Tell him.
"Small size. Big size"
"Small size, big size, burden of woes"
"It closes in from all sides and traps me"
"God, please untangle the web
and do a miracle"
"It closes in from all sides and traps me"
"God, please untangle the web
and do a miracle"
"All joy is lost."
"How do I walk on road"
"Mend my broken heart somehow"
"Small size. Big size"
"Small size, big size, burden of woes"
"I will build a nice big bungalow
in the village"
Babu, direct a huge one!
"I will build a nice big bungalow
in the village"
"I would have begotten children,
but not possible now"
"This is new illness, you must bear it"
"There is no remedy for it"
"Fill up my glass. Let me drink it"
"Mend my broken heart somehow"
"Small size. Big size"
"Small size, big size, burden of woes"
"When a jolly boy becomes old"
"When I grew up I fell in love"
"I am a lover but she doesn't care"
"Tell her how I will live without her"
"Sadness has filled my heart"
"Mend my broken heart somehow"
Hey, look at the size.
"Small size. Big size"
"Small size, big size, burden of woes"
Slowdown. Slow down.
Babu!
We fell down. We fell down.
We fell down.
Babu,
close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Look over there.
Now open them
and extend your hands.
It is Indian banjo.
The cause of heartbreak
is different for each person.
For some it is big
and for some it is very big.
Play it.
Hey, Babu.
Santya.
I lived my life without any expectations.
Neither from my parents,
nor from my husband.
But a person should be adamant
at some point.
You might get scolded...
...but at least people
do notice your preferences.
But ever since I was born
I have looked after others' preferences.
My joys and sorrows,
everything is for your sake.
I just kept waiting for one thing, that...
...at some point you will belong to me.
Doctor!
Sister, please call
the doctor immediately.
He is suffering.
Please call the doctor.
I am sorry.
We could not save him.
It was too late.
Doctor.
So you have set up camp here today.
It is my beer. It is mine.
Did it fall on my head?
Over there.
Hey, is this the place
to get drunk and lie down?
We fell down in the courtyard.
Is this your house?
We didn't fall down in your house!
I know people like you very well.
Right now you are in my courtyard.
It won't take you long to enter my house.
You know us very well, do you?
Are we street-dwellers?
- Don't we have a home?
- I can see that.
You were lying in the street.
Go away.
Right now I just poured water on you.
Next time if I see you here,
I will make by brother pee on you.
Did you see?
Did you see what she said?
Are you leaving or shall
I hit you with the bucket?
- You are threatening with a bucket...
- Get lost.
- You sister of a peeing brother.
- Don't show me the bottle.
Get lost.
Crazy girl.
Give me the bottle.
Babu, a thorn went through my foot.
- Babu, we will drink as long as we live.
- Cheers.
Fall in love with dumb animals.
Do not fall in love with talkative girls.
Because you can never predict...
...when she will ditch you.
You can never predict it.
- You can never predict it.
- Where did you see them?
- I can't tell.
- Okay.
But...
I should marry her.
What should I do, Santya?
Move, you moron.
Look, everyone's sitting inside.
What should she take?
My name.
Your name.
You should have married her
Chickpeas. Chickpeas.
- He entered my cowshed.
- She should take my name.
- I will teach him a lesson.
- She must.
Hey, drunkards, get out of here!
- Run off.
- Get lost!
I am looking for Babu.
You see?
You entered my cowshed.
Couldn't you find any other place
in the village to get drunk?
If I see you again
I will throw you into the stove.
Babu.
- Fall in love with dumb animals.
- Fall in love.
- Don't fall in love with a talkative girl.
- Yeah.
The cow gave birth to a calf.
See how nice it is.
Leave them. Come inside fast.
- Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me.
Congratulations.
A calf was born.
When should I come to eat sweets?
- Come.
Leave!
Santya, it's a cow.
It's a buffalo, not a cow.
Not a cow. Hey, Babu!
What you say is fine,
but it would have been good...
...if you had asked Babu.
Right.
Why ask him?
Your daughter is very nice.
Who will refuse her hand?
You trusted my word
and have agreed to this marriage.
I will treat her like my own daughter.
Yes, but we should
know about the groom also.
- True.
- What kind of a person he is?
What for?
You won't find a boy like my Babu...
...even if you search in 100 villages.
- Right?
- Yes, yes,
we know about your son's reputation.
Zomada.
I am confident that Sunita
will manage everything.
I trust you as a human being.
So everything will be as per your wish.
Really? Shall we fix the alliance?
- Sure.
- Yes, go ahead.
'Do you understand what I am saying,
you idiot?'
I am talking to him. Why are you angry?
Babu, you listen to me at least. Babu!
Hey,
is Mhatre's daughter very special?
Didn't you get us humiliated
when you took us there?
Keep this in mind.
If you don't mend your ways now...
...even I won't be able
to do anything in future.
Whatever bad name you
have earned is enough.
Stop it now.
And keep one thing in mind.
Even now
I am running this house.
Everything will be as per my wish.
Who had told you to go there
without asking me?
- You and I are going on different paths.
- Babu.
'I don't want to marry!'
Calm down. We will talk to him tomorrow.
I am not asking you. I am telling you.
She is a very nice girl, you idiot.
You tell me where I am wrong.
Every time you support him.
What about his sister?
He doesn't care about her future.
Hey!
Hey, where are you going?
Hey... hey...
"Your dream in my eyes"
"My hand in your hand"
"Your fish is trapped in your net"
"Trapped in your net"
"My dear, I will make
flowers bloom in thorny paths"
"My dear, I will make flowers bloom"
"By filling wind in your sails"
"I will support you"
"When you face"
"problems in your life"
"When you face problems in your life"
"I feel like crying?
"Your fish is trapped in your net"
"She got trapped in it"
"All my promises to you"
"I will always remember, my dear"
"The home of our love"
"You will see it in my eyes"
"To your unspoken love"
"My heart calls out"
"Your fish is trapped in your net"
"She got trapped in it"
"Your dream in my eyes"
"My hand in your hand"
"Your fish is trapped in your net"
"She got trapped in it"
All okay, Babu Seth? - Yes.
Barkya, make strong tea for us.
- Offer free tea to everybody.
- So Mr. Contractor, why did you come here?
You could have called me.
I would have come to your office.
Who is he?
He is Babu Bhoir.
He had a quarrel with Anil Tandel.
- What really?
- Yeah.
- He lost everything because of that.
- Yes, everything is going on smoothly.
The sand business. His love.
He lost everything.
- Then his father got him married to a girl.
- Okay, fine. How are you?
- But people still respect him a lot.
- Yes, things are fine.
- Whenever he comes here,
- Yes, fine.
- people tell him their problems.
- Yes.
Okay.
- And he tries his best for them.
- Everything is fine.
I see.
Would you like to have tea?
I will pay for it.
Come.
Babu sheth,
if you want to ditch rikshaw
and ride in a car,
then collaborate with me.
Both of us will benefit.
I have got tender for airport.
You need not ask me how
and why I got it.
I am able enough.
But you have the power
to complete the job.
And I need not ask when
and how you will do the job.
Because I am certain
that only you can complete this job.
So are you doing it?
I am no longer the kind
of person you have heard about.
I don't think I am of any use to you.
I have stopped doing dishonest work.
Babu,
you know that the rage is your mind
is stronger than earlier.
But the rage doesn't show on your face.
That is what I want.
What am I supposed to do?
I want to start a partnership.
You will decide the name of the company.
"Your dream in my eyes"
"My hand in your hand"
"Your fish is trapped in your net"
"Trapped in your net"
This is our real beginning, Sunita.
I will wait.
Have you forgotten me?
It is not possible to forget you.
But if I keep thinking of you,
it will be injustice to Sunita.
What have I done?
Great.
Are you asking me after all that happened?
What do you mean?
My parents' insult right in front of you.
Have you forgotten that?
But you got married before I did, right?
Didn't your parents want
a son-in-law owning nine dumpers?
Doesn't it hurt you?
What?
My behaviour.
Once you understand the relationship...
...no space remains for any kind of hurt.
After
marriage you never insisted
on expressing your love to her.
It means
you respect your love.
Why should I force my love on you?
I too respect my love.
Sunita, it is amazing.
You are uneducated,
but how come you are so sensible?
In the sea, your boat is in the middle...
...the two of us are at the two extremes.
Now you have to decide
whether to go to the one you love...
...or to the one who loves you.
Come. Come, madam. Come.
Wow!
The office is so big.
This is our model of airport.
The officer is in there. Come.
Sit.
I...
This is airport architecture plan.
7/12 Extract, serial number 7A.
Survey number 71/71.
This plot size is 50 acre.
It is owned by Babu Krishna Bhoir.
That is why I bailed him out.
But he turned out to be a rascal.
I have acquired the 50 per cent
land surrounding it.
All the land we have acquired
adjoining the airport
more than it...
This plot...
If you help me acquire this plot...
...I can give you
whatever you want.
And what do I want?
The end to Krishna Bhoir's bloodline.
What is the guarantee
that it will be as you say?
Charusheela madam, you are
dreaming of eliminating Krishna Bhoir
...with the help of a man who
is currently dreaming about a girl.
There is no guarantee
when he will ruin himself and you.
Mind your tongue.
I don't think there will be
another opportunity for this.
Madam, think over it and let me know.
"O girl, you and I will get married"
"You have made me crazy"
Call him.
- "O girl, you and I will get married"
- Sir, you're called.
"You have made me crazy"
Did she really drive you crazy?
How would you know about
the joy of being crazy in love?
Everybody gets punished
for falling in love.
Anil, just think.
What we had decided to do
and how silly your behaviour is.
Weren't you fooled?
Didn't the idiot ditch you?
Wow, this is great.
What you do is miracle
and what I do is atrocious!
Mind your tongue.
You take care of mother, okay?
I don't want to become like you.
You are neither here nor there.
Listen.
Don't preach to me, okay?
Don't preach to me.
After many years this house
will be illuminated with lamps!
Crackers will be burst. Boom! Bang! Bang!
The whole village will be decorated!
My wedding procession
will start from this house!
And the whole village
will feast on mutton.
Hey, rice chapatti and intestine curry.
And at the time of turmeric ceremony...
...full liquor bottles will be opened.
Direct.
"O girl, you and I will get married"
"She drove Tandel crazy"
Today I realised that
there is someone close to me.
I grew up among
15 people including siblings.
Still I was alone.
Incomplete.
Today I felt as if I am complete.
I cannot speak like you.
But hold my hand till the end.
Only if you promise me something.
Hanuman's mace and Babu's
promise will never break.
Come. Madam, he is my friend.
About my commission...
- Come. He won't refuse my request.
- Someone who is ungrateful.
Come.
Damn.
Horizontal word four letters...
what can it be?
Sit.
Done.
The puzzle is a bit difficult.
Horizontal...
- Babu.
- Yes?
Babu sheth.
Someone who is ungrateful.
Rascal.
It is in the puzzle.
Hey, I don't have time.
You have just arrived. What's the hurry?
You made me breathe the air in jail.
You should at least
enjoy the air from the fan.
- Hey, Raja.
- Yes?
Take this money.
Madam has come for the first time.
Bring snacks and cold drink.
Okay.
Babu, I suggest...
...we should make peace.
Who benefited from family feud?
If we want to benefit...
...we will have to forget enmity.
Did you come here to say this?
Just like your father, you too love...
...to create hurdles in everything.
Our lands are stuck because
of your lands.
While carrying on old enmity,
new enmities will be created.
Got it?
What do I gain?
There is monetary benefit,
but no benefit in enmity.
Surely you realise that?
And if you don't realise it,
you will pay dearly.
I won't hand over the land.
I too am not scared of enmity.
I will withdraw all
the charges against you.
What will you do?
Had you said this earlier...
I give it.
I give the land to you.
Police is here. Run away.
- How come police is here?
- Hey, catch him.
- Run! Let's run!
- Run!
Let go of me!
Come on.
Ahmad Abdul Qazi Sattar.
Age 18 years.
Nashik?
Savarkar Road, hotel Swagat.
A waiter took 20,000 in cash
from hotel Swagat and ran away.
Section IPC... what?
Section...
Section IPC 379.
The same year,
Mumbai Nariman Point...
...cycle thief gang's best
thief Abdul Sattar disappears.
Shall I tell you more?
Shall I tell you your second
wife belongs to which place?
Address Chembur East,
Alibaba slum, Ward number 4.
Car theft, sand smuggling...
Look, Abdul,
I can get you out of all these problems.
Got it?
Now it is up to you.
Will you go on honeymoon with prisoners or
with second wife?
Do not think so much.
Sign it.
Do you think I am stupid?
Do I need to think so?
Listen. You do not know
mister Tandel's connections.
You and your Tandel.
Connections, connections, connections.
Forget connections.
How was the tea?
- What?
- Tell me.
It was poisoned.
Well?
This is its antidote.
Forget it, sir.
Anyway, the one you want
to help thinks otherwise.
He drank the tea, right?
He will die in pain.
You are right.
He would have been useful.
- Let it be. Let him die.
- I will do it.
I will do it. I will sign it.
I will do it.
This is water.
Abdul, the earlier thing
was tea with less water.
See you, sir.
Jadhav.
Yes, sir.
Put him in the car.
You don't know me well.
- No...
- No, you don't know me well.
When you know me well,
you will realise it.
You will feel proud
of the son-in-law you have got.
You know, you have found a son-in-law
who is one in a million.
One in a million.
Come with me to the society gathering.
You will see the respect
I command in the society.
Then you will know your
son-in-law is the best.
Lawyers, doctors and anybody
who is there salutes me.
Anybody who comes there salutes me.
Hey, come.
Hey, let go of me.
- Hey, come on.
- Hey, do you know
whose collar you have grabbed?
That is what I will show him. Come.
- Hey!
- Get up.
- Hey.
- Come on.
Move it.
Leave me.
Come. I'll show you how Salim used to die.
Get in the car.
- Leave me.
- Get me out first.
- You had it now.
- Hey, stop. Hey, stop.
Babu.
Babu sheth.
Do not take to heart
what happened earlier.
What happened is in the past.
We should not take it to heart.
We should forget it.
I do not take anything to heart.
It just weighs on my mind.
Babu sheth, joke.
Babu sheth, I know very well.
You are going to get Anil Tandel released.
I too know that.
Jagan Mhatre.
Hadn't I told you?
Someday I will bring you to my feet.
Play it.
Hey, Babu. Babu!
Hey, Babu sheth.
Babu sheth!
Madam, it is written
here that you have withdrawn...
...all the charges against
Babu Krishna Bhoir.
And I, that is the boss
and my associate Abdul...
...are responsible for implicating him.
- But the consequences will be very bad.
- Hey, lawyer,
everything is happening for our benefit.
- Have you signed it?
- Yes.
Sign.
- Signature for what?
- For release.
The charges against
you have been withdrawn.
Withdrawn?
- Yes.
- By whom?
He is sitting outside.
Anilrao Tandel.
Sand king Anilrao Tandel.
Let me tell you a story.
Everybody thinks that
Ramayan and Mahabharat...
...are the tales of Ram and the Pandavas.
But in fact it is not so.
They are the tales of Sita and Draupadi.
It is the same about the two of us.
This book is not about Babu and Anil,
but about Supriya.
Got it?
And it is my wish that
this book should be completed.
That is why I am getting
you freed for the sake of Supriya.
But what did you gain by implicating me?
Hey, excavate!
Datta! Pull up the anchor!
Pull it.
Hey, Gampa!
Take out spades and ghamela.
I understood when
Santya's matter was told me that day.
About all his conspiracies.
Meeting has begun.
Okay, wait.
Mister Poddar, I had already told you.
Some day he will create history.
He's a trustworthy person.
That is why I told you and got him bail.
We have been working
together since so many years.
Abhay Poddar doesn't make
mistake in understanding people.
Absolutely right.
He made such a good plan
to teach a lesson to that stupid woman.
Charusheela Tadel.
Who knows her outside the village?
Tell me, sir.
But sir, your acting was too good.
I have seen his charades many times.
Absolutely right, sir.
Tehsildar sir. See you after two days.
For the airport's inauguration.
Blood relation.
Babu, tell me how a person
can test blood relation?
How to check who is friend or foe?
- But what happened here?
- What happened?
The foe has become friend.
Babu, what was the dialogue from a movie?
My kin looted me.
Did outsiders have the guts?
Wow!
You see,
if the sister couldn't
have married life...
...should the brother also not have it?
Is it justified?
But, Babu, tell me.
Tell me something. - What?
What will he do now?
He can do everything if he wants.
But only
if he stops listening to his sister.
She pulls the strings and this man dances.
Jhamura, will you dance?
I will dance.
Jhamura, will you fall in love?
Will you fall in love?
He will.
Hey, rascals.
I won't be known as Charusheela...
...if I don't ruin you and your father.
- Hey, idiot.
- What?
What were you blabbering?
Wait and see.
I will kill you first of all.
Well, Anilrao?
Have you become a monkey?
Those whom you befriended
made you dance to their tune.
If not for yourself,
as least show respect for your family.
Get out of the craze
for the girl and behave like a man.
Are you teaching me how to behave?
Are you teaching me?
She is teaching me.
Standard.
This is the standard of my enmity.
I could have given
a reply at that time also...
...in public square.
Charusheela Pandharinath Tandel...
...keep one thing in mind.
Babu and his father will still be alive...
..even after your 10 generations
have perished.
Do you know why?
Because Hanuman's mace
and Babu's promise...
...will never break.
Surya!
It's do or die.
Get ready, folks.
"Today there is turmeric ceremony"
"Turmeric ceremony"
"Koliwada is bathed in yellow"
"The girls will glow and boys will dance"
- "Play hit songs on banjo
- Hey, Dadlya!"
"Dadlya is serving English liquor"
"English liquor. English liquor"
"The boys want a glass of cocktail"
"They want cocktail. They want cocktail"
Madam, you?
The document you signed
was not for your release...
...but for implicating you.
"Dadlya!
Sand smuggling, theft of truck...
...you are implicated in all these crimes.
You gave in writing
that you are responsible for al this...
...that is why Anil was freed.
"Dadlya!
You have the last chance to take revenge.
"Dadlya! Dadlya!"
End the matter.
"Smear turmeric on body."
"Request the bride to dance"
"Banjo man continue to play"
"Don't move and play it"
Hey. Hey. Hey, hey, hey!
"Smear turmeric on your body"
"Request the bride to dance"
"Banjo man continue to play"
"Don't move and play it"
"Body will sway and lose balance"
"Play hit songs on banjo"
"Hey, Dadlya!"
"Dadlya is serving English liquor"
"English liquor. English liquor"
"The boys want a glass of cocktail"
"They want cocktail. They want cocktail"
"Santya has got drunk"
He is losing his mind.
"Liquor is stocked up on the
upper floor in the house"
"Let Dadlya handle
the arrangement for drinks"
"But I will show off"
"I will throw currency notes"
"Play hit songs on banjo"
"Hey, Dadlya!"
"Dadlya is serving English liquor"
"English liquor. English liquor"
"The boys want a glass of cocktail"
"They want cocktail. They want cocktail"
- "Hey, Dadlya!"
- "Dadlya is serving English liquor"
"English liquor. English liquor"
"The boys want a glass of cocktail"
"They want cocktail. They want cocktail"
"Dadlya is serving English liquor"
"English liquor. English liquor"
"The boys want a glass of cocktail"
"They want cocktail. They want cocktail"
Babu! Hey, get up!
Hey, Babu! Babu!
Hey, Babu. Babu.
Hey! Hey!
Sir.
Serve wafers. Don't you have chicken?
Of couse, sir.
- Serve it.
- Right away.
Finish it.
- No, sir. Thank you.
- There is only this much.
- Why are you in a hurry?
Yes.
Yes?
Why are you impatient?
Am I not there?
Why do you act if you don't have brains?
Every time I save you
but still you create a mess.
Sister, that's enough.
Don't take me for a fool
because I don't say anything.
I have come here to strike
a very big deal.
Tell me what happened.
Who told you to give
a contract on Babu's life...
...without informing me?
Your associate stabbed him in the stomach.
What are you saying?
Oh, my God.
Won't it be good if he dies?
Right, sister?
Who had told you to get into a mess?
Who had told you to do this?
Sister, I didn't give a contract.
Does he have a dearth of enemies?
You are accusing me.
I will handle it.
I have no connection with the incident.
Do not show your face
in the village for a month.
Hey,
Anil Tandel is not scared of anybody.
Do what I have told you.
And don't tell me your capabilities.
Sister, do not question my capabilities.
Disconnect the call.
I should fear them and go into hiding.
Who could have killed him?
Forget it.
Let me have a drink in his name.
Hey, serve me chicken!
Ministry of public works,
Maharahtra, Mr. Suryakant Patil
has arrived.
Today we have seen this golden day.
Shivaji's coronation had taken
place in this very land of Raigadh.
And it is a matter of pride that
the struggle of the sons of this soil...
...has become successful.
If the history of Raigadh
district is to be narrated...
...we will find that here the
strong and hardworking community...
...had farming, fishing, and saltpans...
...as the chief source of living.
Agri community in this
place respects all religions...
...and lives in harmony with all.
It will certainly reach
the pinnacle of progress...
...because of the
development of the airport.
And one of a man among us
who has reached the pinnacle
of success very soon, is...
...not Babu,
but Babu sheth, has arrived.
This is not right.
You cannot go back on your promise.
I want a promise from you
that I would die before you.
I will face all the problems
that come our way.
But give me your word about this.
Don't I listen to you all the time?
Tell me.
Hanuman's mace and Babu's promise...
...will never break.
Send me out of here as a dead body.
Do not tell anybody.
Hey, Babu.
Friendship with Agri people
is very good,
enmity towards Agri people...
Over.
Stay here.
Babu!
Satya.
That's the locket.
Let's go.
Let's go. Come on!
Babu,
don't spare him!
Babu!
Satya!
Satya.
Sir, your call.
Hey, I will make you an orphan
then only I will kill you.
Then you will understand the
price one has to pay as an orphan.
If you are one from my acquaintances
I will kill you.
And if you are a stranger I will bury you.
I will find people speaking all languages.
What are you doing?
What?
Do you understand Marathi?
I don't know Marathi?
Hindi?
I don't know Marathi or Hindi.
Don't bug me.
Are you here to booze?
Have your drink and beat it.
Hey, one omelette please.
Tea for mom and toast for dad.
"I am a fisherman."
"Waiting for the palanquin"
"At Mumbai's shore."
"The Maratha fisherman."
"Let's get wasted."
"Let's go to the market.
Cheers.
Who do you want?